## Check-in 15 April

Welcome 
Introductions and personal goal setting 30 mins 
🍅 1st Pomodoro session 10 mins
☕️ Break and report out 20 mins
🍅 2nd Pomodoro session 5 mins 
Open discussion and Close 👋

### Chairs: 
Maryblessing O. 
Ceci Baldoni

#### Name + Pronouns + Best purchase of the year + an emoji (if you'd like!: https://emojipedia.org/, see also: https://openmoji.org/) 
(Remember that this is a public document. 
These notes will be archived on The Turing Way repository, and will include your name and answer. 
You can use a pseudonym if you'd prefer. Use the 🤫 emoji if you would not like to be included in our public archive. 
You can always request to remove your information at theturingway@gmail.com)

* Maryblessing / she/her / the SpaceOne headset
* Arielle / she/her / best purchase of the year so far is the bird food I got at the weekend for our balcony! 🐦
* Ricardo / he/him/el / (still thinking...)
* Kirstie / she/her / 
* Johanna /she/her / a book to learn French (Quebec here we come)
* Ceci / she-her / a thermos cup for my coffee! 

#### Breakout rooms: Topic proposals and notes✨ 
While no sign-ups are required to attend Collaboration Cafe, if you have an idea for a topic you'd like to discuss in a breakout room, please add it below and put your name next to it. 
If you like one of the topics that are already suggested, please add your name next to that one. 
For more information about breakout rooms see the description our Community handbook: https://book.the-turing-way.org/community-handbook/community-calls/community-calls-collabcafe/#ch-coworking-collabcafe-breakout 

* Book Dash applications - Arielle is happy to chat to anyone about their applications
* Ricardo - writing up an article on artefacts vs entities
* Johanna, Maryblessing, Arielle - CW26 workshop 
* Kirstie - reading PRs for the steering committee
